I heard that next week Su Qin, the daughter of the Su family
Known as peerless beauty
The most beautiful woman in the world today
Do you have anyone
Have you seen the face of this first beautiful woman?
It's beautiful
Let alone meet
I just heard the voice of his nightingale companion
It's a great blessing in life
Miss Su Qin
I have assets in my hands of tens of billions
Luxury cars, yachts, cruise ships, countless planes
And there are several listed companies around the world
There are over 100 luxury homes.
I wonder if it can be easier to show Miss Su's true appearance?
In my country
I have an army of thousands.
Have an inexhaustible supply
An inexhaustible supply of resources.
Possessing such absolute power and power
I think Miss Su Qing has no reason not to meet
Money Circle
These are not worth mentioning in the face of technology
Now I am among the stars
Owns thousands of satellites
Interstellar space takes up dozens of groups
If Miss Su is willing
I can give you a star directly.
Named after Miss Su Qing
I wonder if Miss Su is willing to give a sword
Xuanji Mountain
Wooden Slaughter
Ten-year covenant
Like a song
It's You